[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna facilitate an intermediate
class and melt ation with the 1988
remake of the blob let's get to it
we open in space the final frontier
and then swoop down to a sleepy town
apparently dead in the off-season
overrun by cats and devoid of folks oh
there they are they're enjoying a
rousing game of American styled football
where boys go to talk about chasing tail
and engage in crushing skulls out of the
old gorge we find badass Brian Flagg
trying his damndest to be a big boy
zooming around on this vroom vroom like
some sort of Knievel however a clogged
carburetor prevents him from fully
grabbing life by the dick in some more
scene setting we find sheriff herb at
the diner asked me Fran out that evening
right before the after game crowd rolls
in wound up he lets off some of his
sexual frustration on flag pointing out
that his upcoming 18th birthday means
his ass belongs to the sheriff but he's
completely unfazed I mean you know grow
a curly mullet like that if you give a
[ __ ] what other people think about you
he has to the shop to engage in
blue-collar banter about the possibility
of a good winter and to borrow a ratchet
set to repair his bike that evening Paul
and Scott are preparing for a hot date
when Scott is descended upon by a very
Reverend Lee man of cloth yeah well time
or the regular embarrassed by this turn
of events he tries to convince the
pharmacist the purchases for shy Paul
after Meg's brother Kevin leaves with
his friend Eddie Paul shows up and she
introduces him to her father now staring
in the eyes of the sex fiend dating his
daughter meanwhile out in the woods the
town scavenger witnesses a meteor
touchdown so he goes to the site and
gets out his pokin stick discovering the
space rock to be filled with goo which
latches to his hand he screams and tries
to acts as handoff to be rid of it
this is witness by flag who was out in
the woods cranking on his hog he runs
off bringing them all together when the
poor chap is struck by Paul's car the
boys have a standoff about insurance
claims and comparative negligence
ultimately deciding it's best to stick
together in the event they have to do
some splainin later when they check in
at the hospital and flag realizes no one
gives a crap he takes off later Paul
goes to acquire a tasty beverage and
thinks he sees something strange when he
confirms the strangeness he urgently
calls the doctor who checks the
patient's pulse and then diagnoses him
with missing the entire lower half of
his body Paul calls the sheriff and
names the involved parties only
realizing too late that he's about to
oops the results of which are witnessed
up close by MEC she gets the vapors but
Luck's out and wakes up undigested the
sheriff likes flag for the crime of the
missing murder victim details being
scant due to Meg's shock so he's brought
in for questioning meg is taken home and
put to bed but she's upset that no one
believes her account of the events as a
result she palms the pill and sneaks out
flag is briefly interrogated but
demonstrates a complete mastery over the
emotional state of the deputy with no
evidence or motive her Hummels is deputy
by making him cut flag loose meg then
comes around looking for a sympathetic
ear eventually following flag into the
diner in the kitchen a persistent clog
requires more direct intervention from
the line cook resulting in the gang
walking in on an absolutely
mind-boggling scene Flagg and Meg run to
the walk in finding the cold to be their
salvation Fran rushes down an alley to
what historians refer to as a phone
booth she calls her but he's already
there and the blob breaks into the booth
turning it into the colon in which she
dies we get a brief intervening shot
showing the Reverend checking the damage
of the diner and snagging a couple of
samples they find the sheriff's office
in disarray so they head to the last
place the deputy was going while out
they run across some friendly government
biological containment specialists out
for an evening hike we find there
initiating a full quarantine protocol
before dr. meadows decides to regale
them with a story
oh my blob hurry up he confirms that
they suspect a germ bearing meteor has
touched down but flag confirms this
ain't no simple bacterium and we get
further confirmation of this when the
projection astiz assimilated they're
ushered into a safety van but flags not
buying their good intentions so he busts
out back in town the cattle call is in
full swing Meg reunites with her parents
but discovers Kevin's still missing her
dad lays down a classic my taxes pay
your salary distraction allowing her to
skitter off she arrives right as a movie
lets out and bears witness to all sorts
of unspeakable horrors before finding
the boys on their way out Kevin gets his
jacket stuck like a total dork
and they barely break free then they hit
a dead end and submerge into the
catacombs in the woods flag sees the
meteors actually a UFO which is actually
a virus bearing satellite put into orbit
for experimental purposes related to
biological warfare he overhears that the
town is expendable in their pursuit of
capturing the organism alive which they
intend to do in the sewers where it's
reportedly chasing a young woman and two
boys he recognizes this as likely
describing Meg is discovered but then
manages to get away meg and the boys
continue to look for a way out
sewers and kevin manages to escape
through a hole that's too small for Meg
and Eddie well Eddie gets turned into
poop lag manages to pull Meg out and
they eventually find their way back to
the surface despite dr. Meadows best
efforts to the contrary begin to a
standoff of conflicting interests with
no one understanding the true nature of
the situation until the blob lets itself
be heard the soldiers do as soldiers do
which is highly impressive to the
civilians but not to the blob it busts
out and wreaks havoc until they remember
its relationship with the cold so flag
commandeer is the town's snow maker but
gets flipped pretty quickly requiring
Meg to lay down some cover fire from
atop the freeze tank and leave behind an
explosive setting off an instant winter
crystallizing the blob and saving
Christmas forever after we then see the
good Reverend has turned into a
prosperity preacher encouraging everyone
to live their best lives until the
coming judgement which is apparently
scheduled for whenever he feels touched
by an angel and that was the blob
probably one of the best remakes of a
classic film there's ever been if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for you to
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching